README.md, before:

# Sming_RTOS_POC

Proof of Concept for Sming based on Espressif RTOS SDK.

Based on : 

Sming Develop branch dd 26/11/15

- Espressif RTOS_SDK 1.3.0
- UDK 2.0.9 for toolchain and SDK
- Only used on Windows, unknow Unix/Mac behavior

Usage : 

- Clone this repository.
- Set SDK location in makefile
- Set WIFI_SSID & WIFI_PWD in environment variables
- Compile & flash
- Serial baudrate 115200 (when using example application)

Include files

Due to the interaction between all components I have not yet a "SmingCore.h"
Each component and application needs to "include" all components used.

Applications : 

- Application which includes HttpAjax & HWPwm example source.
- HttpAjax -> works
- HWPWm, -> compiles, not tested on hardware

Spiffs/Spiffy

Spiffs Filesystem in included in the POC
Building spiffy and creating spiffs_rom.bin is not.

The example is made for using on a 32MBit, 4Mbyte ESP.
You need to adapt if using other.

There is a make-target : flashspiffy
This flashes both application & spiffs FS
Spiffs : The file spiffs_rom.rom (beware of the .rom extension) to 0x300000
In the application there is a mount_manual for a spiffs FS of 64K at this location.
If you only update application, no need to flash spiffs again -> use flash target


Known limitations : 

- No framework/application but one "all in one" 
- HardwareSerial -> only print(f)(ln).. and begin()
- No AccessPoint
- Interrupts not yet implemented
- Only limited testing done

Known RTOS/NONOS differences with application consequences

- No WDT routines
- Soft timer only on milli and not on micro level

Open Conversion Questions

- Should we make OneWire a Core functionality instead of library (other libs are dependent).

Commit message:

Insert WiringFrameworkIncludes.h Updates to makefile to make applications compile on windows

README.md, after:

# Sming_RTOS_POC

Proof of Concept for Sming based on Espressif RTOS SDK.

Based on : 

Sming Develop branch dd 26/11/15

- Espressif RTOS_SDK 1.3.0
- UDK 2.0.9 for toolchain and SDK (Be sure to have a "clean" espressif without updates.
- Only used on Windows, unknow Unix/Mac behavior

Usage : 

- Clone this repository.
- Set SDK location in makefile
- Set WIFI_SSID & WIFI_PWD in environment variables
- Compile & flash
- Serial baudrate 115200 (when using example application)

Include files

Due to the interaction between all components I have not yet a "SmingCore.h"
Each component and application needs to "include" all components used.

Applications : 

- Application which includes HttpAjax & HWPwm example source.
- HttpAjax -> works
- HWPWm, -> compiles, not tested on hardware

Spiffs/Spiffy

Spiffs Filesystem in included in the POC
Building spiffy and creating spiffs_rom.bin is not.

The example is made for using on a 32MBit, 4Mbyte ESP.
You need to adapt if using other.

There is a make-target : flashspiffy
This flashes both application & spiffs FS
Spiffs : The file spiffs_rom.rom (beware of the .rom extension) to 0x300000
In the application there is a mount_manual for a spiffs FS of 64K at this location.
If you only update application, no need to flash spiffs again -> use flash target


Known limitations : 

- No framework/application but one "all in one" 
- HardwareSerial -> only print(f)(ln).. and begin()
- No AccessPoint
- Interrupts not yet implemented
- Only limited testing done

Known RTOS/NONOS differences with application consequences

- No WDT routines
- Soft timer only on milli and not on micro level

Open Conversion Questions

- Should we make OneWire a Core functionality instead of library (other libs are dependent).
